Do not remove custom errors in IR codegen when strip revert strings is requested (#16466)
ethereum/solidity: Changelog.md

Compiler Features:

Bugfixes:

> * Code Generator: Remove custom error arguments of `require` when option `revert-strings=strip` is selected in the legacy pipeline.

Reviewer: This should be updated. It's not removing but preserving the custom error arguments.

Bugfixes:
* Yul: Fix incorrect serialization of Yul object names containing double quotes and escape sequences, producing output that could not be parsed as valid Yul.
* Yul EVM Code Transform: Improve stack shuffler performance by fixing a BFS deduplication issue.

> * Yul IR Code Generation: Preserve custom error argument of `require` when option `revert-strings=strip` is selected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Yul IR Code Generation: Preserve custom error argument of `require` when stripping of revert strings is selected via `--revert-strings strip`.
```
